feat: app.moveToApplicationsFolder conflict handling (#18916)
electron/electron: docs/api/app.md

Returns `Boolean` - Whether the application is currently running from the
systems Application folder. Use in combination with `app.moveToApplicationsFolder()`

### `app.moveToApplicationsFolder([handler])` _macOS_

> * `handler` Function (optional) - A handler for potential conflict in move failure.

Reviewer: To allow cleaner API expansion this should probably be an `options` object with a single property `conflictHandler`

Returns `Boolean` - Whether the application is currently running from the
systems Application folder. Use in combination with `app.moveToApplicationsFolder()`

### `app.moveToApplicationsFolder([options])` _macOS_

* `options` Object (optional)

>   * `conflictHandler` Function (optional) - A handler for potential conflict in move failure.

Reviewer: We can declare the return type 👍 

```suggestion
  * `conflictHandler` Function<Boolean> (optional) - A handler for potential conflict in move failure.
```

move to fail. For instance if the user cancels the authorization dialog, this
method returns false. If we fail to perform the copy, then this method will
throw an error. The message in the error should be informative and tell
you exactly what went wrong.

By default, if an app of the same name as the one being moved exists in the Applications directory and is _not_ running, the existing app will be trashed and the active app moved into its place. If it _is_ running, the pre-existing running app will assume focus and the the previously active app will quit itself. This behavior can be changed by invoking the optional callback handler, where the boolean returned by the handler determines whether or not the move proceeds with its default behavior.

For example:

```js
app.moveToApplicationsFolder(conflictType => {
  if (conflictType === 'exists') {

>     dialog.showMessageBox({

Reviewer: This has to be sync right?

move to fail. For instance if the user cancels the authorization dialog, this
method returns false. If we fail to perform the copy, then this method will
throw an error. The message in the error should be informative and tell
you exactly what went wrong.

> By default, if an app of the same name as the one being moved exists in the Applications directory and is _not_ running, the existing app will be trashed and the active app moved into its place. If it _is_ running, the pre-existing running app will assume focus and the the previously active app will quit itself. This behavior can be changed by invoking the optional callback handler, where the boolean returned by the handler determines whether or not the move conflict is resolved with default behavior.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, if an app of the same name as the one being moved exists in the Applications directory and is _not_ running, the existing app will be trashed and the active app moved into its place. If it _is_ running, the pre-existing running app will assume focus and the the previously active app will quit itself. This behavior can be changed by providing the optional conflict handler, where the boolean returned by the handler determines whether or not the move conflict is resolved with default behavior.  i.e. returning `false` will ensure no further action is taken, returning `true` will result in the default behavior and the method continuing. 
```

For example:

```js
app.moveToApplicationsFolder({
  conflictHandler: conflictType => {
    if (conflictType === 'exists') {

>       dialog.showMessageBoxSync({

Reviewer: This won't work if I'm reading this right, need to do `return dialog.showMessageBoxSync(...) === 1`, sync doesn't have a callback

Author: oh derp yes
